1. Who developed Python?
A- Guido van Rossum is a Dutch programmer best known as the creator of the Python programming language and first released on February 20, 1991.
2. Which type of programming does python support?
A- Python is a multi-paradigm programming language. It supports four main programming paradigms: imperative, functional, procedural, and object-oriented. 
3. Is Python case sensitive while dealing with identifiers?
A- Yes, Python is a case-sensitive language, i.e., it treats uppercase and lowercase characters differently. This applies to identifiers too. You must avoid using the same name with different cases while naming identifiers.
4. What is the correct extension of Python file?
A- The correct extension is '.py' although other extensions include .pyi, .pyc, .pyd, .pyo, .pyw, .pyz.
5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted
A- Python is an interpreted language, which means the source code of a Python program is converted into bytecode that is then executed by the Python virtual machine. 
6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python?
A- To indicate a block of code in Python, you must indent each line of the block by the same amount. The two blocks of code in our example if-statement are both indented four spaces, which is a typical amount of indentation for Python.
7. Tate a character used to give single line comment in Python?
A- In Python, the '#' character is used to start a comment. The comment continues after the # until the end of the line.
8. Mention function which can help us to find the current version of Python we are working on?
A- The function sys.version can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on.
9. Python suport creation of Annonymous function on run time, using a constructor called - lambda.
10. What does pip stand for python?
A- pip stands for "preferred installer program".
11. Mention few built-in function in Python?
A- Some built-in functions are print(), input(), int(), str(), range(), pow(), isupper(), list() etc.
12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
A- An identifier can have a maximum length of 79 characters in Python. 
13. What are the benefits of using Python?
A- Presence of third-party modules, Extensive support libraries, Open source and large active community base, Versatile, Easy to read, learn and write, User-friendly data structures, Dynamically typed language, Object-Oriented and Procedural Programming language, Ideal for prototypes.
14. How is memory managed in Python?
A- Memory in Python is managed by Python private heap space. All Python objects and data structures are located in a private heap. This private heap is taken care of by Python Interpreter itself, and a programmer doesn't have access to this private heap.
15. How to install Python in Window and set PATH variable?
A- Install python from this link https://www.python.org/downloads/. After this, install it on your PC. Look for the location where PYTHON has been installed on your PC using tge following command on your command prompt: cmd python. Then go to advanced system settings and add new variable and name it as PYTHON_NAME and paste the copied path. Then look for the path variable, select it's value and select edit
Add a semicolon towards the end of the value if it's not present and then type %PYTHON_HOME%.
16. Is indentation required in Python?
A- Indentation refers to the spaces at the beginning of a code line. Where in other programming languages the indentation in code is for readability only, the indentation in Python is very important. Python uses indentation to indicate a block of code.